stadium where Dean Saunders went back to
his old club oxford united and defeat at
the Kassam today with orbitz end they
are very slim plans mr. somewhere they
lovely crossover wonderful
very comfortable
across two on ebay and the near post
clausen comfortable not far away to the
opening goal here at the kassam stadium
and then we'll run the ball k get the
crossing yes he came to the far post
well headed clear there my Curtis things
are still there and Williamson to the
rescue again
crowd now starting to stir little
the bonus is the referee is not
interested in anything else
test of the corner short one to Murray
very inside to constable good effort the
centerboard is not varying number nine
at the team t-shirt a couple of moments
ago terrific shot well tipped over by
Neilson Louie time to fling chance of
thing good effort surely can't hold it
but it was williamson who had the shot
till he couldn't hold him but Flynn
coming down to the rebound comfortable
in quite blatantly play on since
the referee comes to the loving turn by
counsel here's an opportunity would say
they're straightening to the affair
would say bye Gunnar Nielsen nice take
by comfortable twisting his way through
to the edge of the area good left hook
shot my sake
by Bill Maher took my place how then
even the ball ray effort wonderful save
Lewis how they make space for the shot a
look fly
I'm go to Nelson with a terrific save
Williams Fleming inside we've got cross
alongside here and Curtis again was
interest to get full good run beautiful
run by Curtis he's into the area
transfer go oh he's just dragging wide
or at last we had something we have an
in product it wasn't quite good enough
that a lovely move the north to do spam
hi
mr. on lipstick
hi comes to the
its twenty fifth of the season the
fourth minute of injury-time wrexham
conceded james constable 25 goals now
for the season immense disappointment
for Dean Saunders but huge joy for Dave
Jones Ian Bell